aequorea spp 
amphipoda
appendicularia or larvacea 
aurelia spp 
beroe forskalii
beroida
blepharipoda occidentalis
calanoida
carybdea marsupialis
carybdea rastoni
cestida
cestum veneris
chelophyes appendiculata
chrysaora achlyos
chrysaora colorata
cladocerans
copepods
ctenophores
cubozoa carybdeida
cyclopoida
cyclosalpa affinis
cyclosalpa bakeri
cydippida
decapoda
diplostraca
doliolida
doliolum denticulatum
emerita analoga
eucheilota bakeri
euphausia eximia
euphausia gibboides
euphausia pacifica
euphausia recurva
euphausiacea
evadne spinifera
harpacticoida
heteromysis odontops
hydrozoa anthoathecatae
hydrozoa leptothecatae
leucothea pulchra
mertensia ovum
muggiaea atlantica
mysidacea
nanomia bijuga
nematoscelis difficilis
nyctiphanes simplex
obelia spp 
oikopleura dioica
ostracods
paraphronima gracilis
pelagia noctiluca
phacellophora camtschatica
phronima sedentaria
phyllorhiza punctata
pleurobrachia bachei
pleuroncodes planipes
poecilostomatoida
polyorchis haplus
polyorchis penicillatus
primno brevidens
pseudevadne tergestina
ptychogena spp
pyrosoma atlanticum
pyrosomida
salpa aspera
salpa fusiformis
salpida
scrippsia pacifica
scyphozoa rhizostomeae
scyphozoa semaeostomeae
sergestes similis
siphonophores
soestia zonaria
stylocheiron longicorne
thalia democratica
thetys vagina
thysanoessa gregaria
thysanoessa spinifera
velella velella
